Update Cluster Upgrades RFC (#89)
giantswarm/rfc: automatic-cluster-upgrades/README.md

---
creation_date: 2021-09-17
issues:
- [https:/](https://github.com/giantswarm/giantswarm/issues/27420)
last_review_date: 2024-02-23

> owners:
> - https://github.com/orgs/giantswarm/teams/team-horizon

Author: ```suggestion
owners:
- https://github.com/orgs/giantswarm/teams/team-horizon
- https://github.com/orgs/giantswarm/teams/team-honeybadger
```

---
creation_date: 2021-09-17
issues:

> - [https:/](https://github.com/giantswarm/giantswarm/issues/27420)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- https://github.com/giantswarm/giantswarm/issues/27420
```

last_review_date: 2024-02-23
owners:
- https://github.com/orgs/giantswarm/teams/team-horizon
- https://github.com/orgs/giantswarm/teams/team-honeybadger
state: approved

> summary: As part of the Cluster API hackathon the idea of how to automate the cluster upgrades allows us to brainstorm how it can be achieved taking into account customer requirements and technical limitations brought under the new upstream implementation.

Author: ```suggestion
summary: As part of the Cluster API hackathon we brainstormed how to automate the cluster upgrades taking into account customer requirements and technical limitations brought under the new upstream implementation.
```

> summary: As part of the Cluster API hackathon the idea of how to automate the cluster upgrades allows us to brainstorm how it can be achieved taking into account customer requirements and technical limitations brought under the new upstream implementation.

Reviewer: > how to automate the cluster upgrades allows us to brainstorm how

i don't know what you're trying to say here - we brainstormed how to automated cluster upgrades?

Author: wow grammarly played on me. Yeah it was the intent
